README.md, before:

# Microsoft Clarity for Laravel.

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/abr4xas/clarity-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/abr4xas/clarity-laravel)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/run-tests.yml?branch=master&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/fix-php-code-style-issues.yml?branch=master&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amaster)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/abr4xas/clarity-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/abr4xas/clarity-laravel)

Easy integration of Microsoft Clarity into your Laravel application.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require abr4xas/clarity-laravel
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="clarity-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
<?php

return [
    'id' => env('CLARITY_ID', 'XXXXXX'),
    'enabled' => env('CLARITY_ENABLED', true),
];
```

Optionally, you can publish the views using

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="clarity-views"
```

## Usage

- Create an account: The first thing you need to do is create an account on Microsoft Clarity. You can sign up on their website and follow the steps to create your account. Then, get your tracking code and that's it.
- Simply add the blade components to your base layout files.

The `enabled` attribute is optional, but can be used to control the tags integration from blade files that extend the base layout. It accepts `true/false`. 
This can still be controlled globally via the `.env` file should you need to disable the integration global on different environments as well.

```html
<!-- Should be placed in the head -->
<x-clarity::script :enabled="$enabled" />
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Angel](https://github.com/abr4xas)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.


This package is strongly inspired by Google Tag Manager for Laravel created by @awcodes.

Commit message:

Identify API feature (#6)
* Create config

* Create identify component

* Update instructions

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Clarity for Laravel.

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/abr4xas/clarity-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/abr4xas/clarity-laravel)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/run-tests.yml?branch=master&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/fix-php-code-style-issues.yml?branch=master&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/abr4xas/clarity-laravel/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amaster)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/abr4xas/clarity-laravel.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/abr4xas/clarity-laravel)

Easy integration of Microsoft Clarity into your Laravel application.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require abr4xas/clarity-laravel
```

You can publish the config file with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="clarity-config"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
<?php

return [
    'id' => env('CLARITY_ID', 'XXXXXX'),
    'enabled' => env('CLARITY_ENABLED', true),
];
```

Optionally, you can publish the views using

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --tag="clarity-views"
```

## Usage

### General Tracking

- Create an account: The first thing you need to do is create an account on Microsoft Clarity. You can sign up on their website and follow the steps to create your account. Then, get your tracking code and that's it.
- Simply add the blade components to your base layout files.

The `enabled` attribute is *optional*, but can be used to control the tags integration from blade files that extend the base layout. It accepts `true/false`. 
This can still be controlled globally via the `.env` file should you need to disable the integration global on different environments as well.

```html
<!-- Should be placed in the head -->
<x-clarity::script :enabled="$enabled" />
```
### Identify API

To implement the [Identify API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/clarity/setup-and-installation/identify-api), use `identify` component.
Set `CLARITY_IDENTIFICATION_ENABLED` value to `true` on the env file. 

#### Attributes:
* `user` attribute is *required* accepts the User Model instance or any object. The `email` and `name` attributes are used.
* `enabled` attribute is *optional*. 
* `custom_session_id` attribute is *optional*.
* `custom_page_id` attribute is *optional*.

```html
@auth
    <x-clarity::identify :user="request()->user()"/>
@endauth
```
This will compile as:
```js
window.clarity("identify", "user@example.com", null, null, "Username")
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [Angel](https://github.com/abr4xas)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.


This package is strongly inspired by Google Tag Manager for Laravel created by @awcodes.
